I am the world's leading expert
particularly in the question of chicken
fajitas which are wonderful chicken fat
it's done here climate you will please
little chicken if it is dipped into a
smashing red chili sauce and popped onto
the grill we do three or four of those
not explained everything as we go along
for right while they sizzle happily away
there for a moment
fly back to me if you would will spin
around the ingredients the essential
thing here is this sauce which is made
from Oregon Oh garlic dried chilies
pepper and salt little olive oil a
little water all whizzed up in the
liquidizer and the blender the garnish
for this dish well like a stir fried or
skillet fried Chinese dish are spring
onions which are there very simply and
raw onions and this long thin slightly
spicy pepper which has just been grilled
on on a bit of oil to make it look like
that so that all that has to happen
right turn these over they're coming
with a rake of lots then we put us to
the onions on which we dip into a bit of
oil like that they sit on there and
sizzle away furthermore a little bit of
this sizzles away on a cooler part of
the thing
and of course five varieties
and of course wheat those attackers so
go and see how you make a little forty
years when I told Barry the world famous
wildlife film producer about the Mexican
restaurant he was so impressed he wanted
to read a piece from my new BBC book
Floyd's American Pie Barry yes it's all
here
the dough is divided into balls and
flattened to make little pancakes rather
like Chinese pancakes for Peking duck
and cooked for the briefest of moments
that either side on a griddle once you
have your tortillas you can deep-fry
them to make nachos crispy corn chips
for scooping up sauces dips made from
various combinations I was beginning to
drool so tears would be made with their
tortillas soothing on the plate isn't
taste of Mexico